{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18160\viewh11360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Career Day Web App Overview
\f1\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Career Day at my school is an opportunity for 5
\fs18 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\super \outl0\strokewidth0 th -
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\nosupersub \outl0\strokewidth0 12
\fs18 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\super \outl0\strokewidth0 th 
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\nosupersub \outl0\strokewidth0 Grade (age 10 - 14) students to be exposed to a variety of professions. We typically have about 20 professionals present about their career. Professions range from hair stylist to lawyer and everything in between. The student population is less than 250. Each professional typically presents their career 4 times, but some are only available for less than that.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Before I learned to program, I volunteered to help place students in workshops, as I had previous experience with such an event and am pretty good with spreadsheets. The \'93manual\'94 process followed this pattern:
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Schedule for the day is established, consisting of 4, 45 minute sessions. Most presenters are available for each of the sessions but some aren\'92t.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 List of presenters is formed. Note: It is common for a few presenters to back out at the last minute.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A Google Form is created for the student participants. They have listed their top 5 preferred \'93workshops.\'94\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The spreadsheet data populated from the student form responses are used to assign students to workshops and to build schedules for them. There are many variables to consider such as distribution of age groups, setting maximum number of participants for more popular choices, and meeting minimums for less popular.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Schedules are generated for the students with a Google Docs mail merge add-on. Rosters for the presenters are also generated.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 **Inevitably, a presenter becomes unavailable at the last minute and students have to be shuffled around. Generally speaking, the schedules and process ensure that students are distributed pretty evenly and most are in sessions that they expressed preference for.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The primary purpose of the web app version is to automate the processing that I have been doing. This would allow a non-spreadsheet savvy person to put together the Career Day Event. (At my school, this would be the guidance counselor). I envision it including the following:
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A landing page of some sort\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A page that allows the admin to design the event by submitting workshop info, session times, capacity for each session, etc.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	a.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This should include on page Edit/Delete options, ability to save and revisit, and a continuously updating, sortable list of previously submitted workshops (JQuery/Ajax, MongoDB)\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A form for the students to submit their preferences should be generated from the database info created by the admin.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Student schedules can then be processed with Javascript code, .pdf schedules generated to distribute to students, and a viewable/sortable/editable online view of this information available to the admin.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 **I\'92ve actually wrote this code using Google Script that interacts with the spreadsheet data from last year\'92s event. I will post an example of it for you to view. (It\'92s some of my first JS code from several months ago, and it can be improved for sure!)
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The project has potential to include many elements that are worth digging into: Object Oriented Programming, AJAX, Database/Server, HTML/CSS, etc.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}